### Quick Bio

I was born and raised in Paris, France. My interest in computers came pretty early when we received our first Windows 95 desktop computer at home. For some reason I was mesmerized by loading bars. I started a hunt for the biggest loading bars you can find. It eventually led me to reinstalling the operating system and switching the main home computer to Knoppix. Oh how it made my sims-fanatic sister rage.

I am the oldest child in a family of 6, partly because I am the first, but also because I refuse to let go of that playful mind that brought me here. We were lucky enough to have lived in San Francisco for 2 years where I received my Bac S (French high school diploma). Pretty thrilled to have discovered what life was outside of France, I made a promise to myself to spend most of my time discovering what I can while I can travel, and do what I can to live outside of my comfort zone. That’s when I moved to Montréal to pursue my studies as a Software Engineer.

I was crazy about DIY-stuff before we left France. My family has a house near Blois (Loir-et-Cher, France) and another one close to Luzy (Nièvre, France) and I used to do a lot of manual building activities such as plumbing, wood-working, roofing, electrical wiring, floor tiling, cement work… As a natural Tinkerer, Engineering was the ideal field where I could grow and learn how the world actually works. I followed the Electrical path but when I realized how much we were subject to physical rules, I switched back to Software, where the two only limits are time and mind.

I am extremely curious and surprise myself being interested in a multitude of random subjects. I am fascinated by Math, and by what we can still find today in a discipline that is more than 5000 years old. With that comes a great interest in puzzles and escape games. I love to challenge myself both mentally and physically so if you are looking for a challenger to keep yourself motivated, I am all ears !
